Assignment 1
The central claim in the argument was that too much of a proportion of housing being used as rental units such as airbnb were ultimately affecting the local competition between traditional lodging and driving up residential prices at unaffordable rates. This was pretty easily identified. I would give this a 5
Airbnb Snowballs in Vermont Ski Towns, Bringing Cash and Concerns was the headline and was very easily identified due to its bolder and larger font. I would give this a 5.
Some of the visualizations made sense, but were placed in spots that were not as easily identifiable. Other visualized such as the map of Vermont with a dot in Killington stating the quanitity of airBnbs was not helpful and didn't seem necessary. Overall, they weren't used to reference the text, they were either at the top or bottom of the article. I would rate this a 3.
Most of the data was either interviews of people in the town that were affected. There were two visualizations that said where they sourced the information from, but I couldn't click on them so it wasn't easily accessible. If there were any other data collections used, I was not able to find them. This is a 4
The data seemed to be driven from the locals, it was a pretty balanced perspective, also offering sentiments that the Airbnbs are needed, and included strong context on local housing. This is from 2017 so it isn;t updated, the visualization wasn't great, and i thought they could've offerend more perspective on how other towns treated this issue (they touched on it but very briefly.) I would rate the overall strength a 4.
The use of color in the visualizations across the board was pretty strong, not overly complicated, and served its purpose. The headlines of each were clearly labeled, but it lacked personality if that makes sense. I couldn't tell which visualizations immediately were the most important or relevant to the story, and they were clumped in a sad little blob at the end of the article. I would rate this a 3.
Overall, I don't think the article was revolutionarily creative. It offered strong storytelling of the issue, but felt more traditional. I don't necessarily have a problem with that because it felt very human based and emphasized the importance of each demographic in the story. I would rate the creativity a 3. 
